\General Overview	DoveHistoryBuffer is a tool used to control the operation of the Dove History Buffer hardware. The function of the Dove History Buffer is to aid in CP and IOP debugging by tracing the flow of execution and storing a history of the run in an internal buffer. The buffer can be examined after execution of a program independent of the state of the target machine.		Once started the history buffer will continue to sample until a specified trigger condition occurs. The trigger parameters are set using fields in the form subwindow of the tool. Only those field which are appropriate to the kind of sampling being done (CS or IOP) are displayed in the tool. Each of the fields has a hints menu attached which can be used to aid in setting the fields value.		After the history buffer has triggered its contents can be displayed. If Symbols have been loaded into CPBermuda or IOPBermuda (depending on the type of sample being made) then they will be displayed along with the numeric data.		The Dove History Buffer hardware has three LEDs which indicate status. If the green LED will be lit then the history buffer is idle. If the red LED is lit then the history buffer is sampling or display the buffer. If the yellow LED is lit then the history buffer has triggered but is still sampling the the post trigger portion of the sample. In normal operation the yellow LED is never on long enough to be seen.	 \Commands		   Sample! - This commands causes the history buffer to start sampling with the current trigger settings.	   	   Reset! - This command resets the history buffer to idle.	   	   Display! - This command displays the contents of the history buffer in the file subwindow. The portion of the buffer specified in the "From" and "To" fields is displayed in either hex or binary as specified in the "Output Base" field.	   	   Load Settings! - This command loads the form subwindow settings of the tool from the file name specified in the "File" field.	   	   Save Settings! - This command saves the current form subwindow settings of the tool to the file name specified in the "File" field.	   	   Clear Log! - This command clears the file subwindow of the tool.	   	   Load Log! - This command is intended to load a file into the file subwindow of the tool. It is currently not implemented.	   	   Save Log! - This command is intended to save the contents of the file subwindow of the tool to a file. It is currently not implemented.	   	   \Enumerated Items	  	   Sample Type - This item is used to select which type of sample is to be made (CS or IOP).	     	   Output Base - This item is used to select binary or hex for buffer output.	     	   MachineType - This item is used to select Daybreak or Daisy when making CS samples.	   	    	    \Input Items	  	   From - This field is used to input the position in the sample buffer relative to the trigger from which to start displaying. This field takes decimal numbers.	   	   To - This field is used to input the position in the sample buffer relative to the trigger from which to stop displaying. This field takes decimal numbers.	   	   File - This field is used to input the file name for all file operations.	   	   \IOP Trigger Fields 	 	    Data - This field is used to set the trigger condition for data. It takes a hex number.	    	    Address - This field is used to set the trigger condition for address. It takes a hex number.	    	    No. of Wait Cycles - This field is used to set the trigger condition for the number of wait cycles. It takes a binary number.	    	    Status - This field is used to set the trigger condition for the processor status. It takes a binary number.	    	    Wild Cards - This field is used to set the trigger condition for the wild card bits. These bits can be connected via wires to any signals required by the user. This field takes a binary number.	    	    Arbitor - This field is used to set the trigger condition for the Arbitor. It takes a binary number.	    	    Multi-TRG - This field is used to set the number of times a trigger condition must occur before the history buffer is actually triggered. It takes a decimal number.	    	    Post Trig Sample (X256) - This field is used to tell the history buffer how many samples to take after the trigger condition has occured. This number is multiplied by 256 (i.e. a value of 2 means that 512 samples will be taken after the trigger condition). It takes a decimal number.	    \CS Trigger Fields	 	    Bank - This field is used to set the trigger condition for the memory bank. Its value must be different depending on whether Daybreak or Daisy debugging is being done (this difference is automatically reflected in the hints menu for this item). It takes a binary number.	    	    NIA - This field is used to set the trigger condition for the next instruction address. It takes a hex number.	    	    Halt - This field is used to set the trigger condition for the processor state (Running, Not Running or Don't Care). It takes a binary number.	    	    Wild Card - This field is used to set the trigger condition for the wild card bits. These bits can be connected via wires to any signals required by the user. This field takes a binary number.	    	    Multi-Trig - This field is used to set the number of times a trigger condition must occur before the history buffer is actually triggered. It takes a decimal number.	    	    Post Trig Sample (X256) - This field is used to tell the history buffer how many samples to take after the trigger condition has occured. This number is multiplied by 256 (i.e. a value of 2 means that 512 samples will be taken after the trigger condition). It takes a decimal number.	    \END